=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

enblder - Enbldのユーティリティコマンド

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 $ enblder intro          # Enbldのイントロダクションドキュメントを表示
 $ enblder tutorial       # Enbldのチュートリアルを表示
 $ enblder available      # Enbldがサポートするソフトウェアの一覧を表示
 $ enblder available git  # インストール可能なバージョンの一覧を表示
 $ enblder install git    # ターゲットのソフトウェアをインストール
 $ enblder list           # インストール済のソフトウェアの一覧を表示
 $ enblder list git       # 指定したソフトウェアのインストール済のバージョンの一覧を表示
 $ enblder outdated       # 旧バージョンのソフトウェアの一覧を表示
 $ enblder upgrade git    # ターゲットのソフトウェアのアップグレード
 $ enblder freeze         # インストール済のソフトウェアを再現するコンディションスクリプトを表示
 $ enblder deploy ~/path  # 指定したパスにソフトウェアをデプロイ
 $ enblder selfupgrade    # Enbld自身をアップグレード

=head1 説明

enblderは、Enbldのユーティリティコマンドです。

=head1 コマンド

=over

=item intro

  $ enblder intro

Enbldのイントロダクションドキュメントを表示します。

このドキュメントは、C<perldoc lib/Enbld.pm>と同じです。

=item tutorial

  $ enblder tutorial

Enbldのチュートリアルを表示します。

このドキュメントは、C<perldoc lib/Enbld/Tutorial.pm>と同じです。

=item available

  $ enblder available

Enbldがサポートする全てのソフトウェアの一覧を表示します。

  $ enblder available [target_software]

ターゲットのソフトウェアを引数に指定すると、そのソフトウェアでインストール可能なバージョンの一覧を表示します。

=item install

  $ enblder install [target_software]

Installs target software.

  $ enblder install [target_software] --force

If a target software is already instlled, It becomes an error.  however, the case where he would like to reinstall compulsorily '--force' option is used. 

  $ enblder install [target_software] --test

The case where a test is performed at the time of installation '--test' option is used. 

However, when a test goes wrong, installation also goes wrong. 

=item list

  $ enblder list

Displays all installed software.

  $ enblder list [target_software]

If a target software is specified as an argument, displays the list of the versions which is installed.

=item outdated

  $ enblder outdated

Displays all outdated software.

=item upgrade

  $ enblder upgrade [target_software]

Installs upgraded target software.

Nothing is done when a high version is not released. 

=item rehash

  $ enblder rehash 

Re-create target software's symbolic link.

When you install an executable file using the module management tool of a programming language ( e.g. CPAN), please restretch a symbolic link using this command. 

=item freeze

  $ enblder freeze

Displays the conditions script reproduce installed software.

  $ enblder freeze --current

If '--current' option is attached, the version installed now will be displayed. 

=item deploy

  $ enblder deploy ~/path/to/deploy

Deploys all installed software to specific path.

=item off

  $ enblder off target_software

Disables target software.

=item use

  $ enblder use target_software installed_version

Enables specfic version of target.

=item selfupgrade

  $ enblder selfupgrade

Upgrade Enbld itself.

=item help

  $ enblder help

Displays the short help message.

=item version

  $ enblder version

Displays the version number.

=back

=head1 OPTIONS

=over

=item -f, --force

'install'の説明を見て下さい。

=item -t, --test

'install'の説明を見て下さい。

=item -c, --current

'freeze'の説明を見て下さい。

=item -h, --help

このオプションは、'help'サブコマンドと同じです。

=item -v, --version

このオプションは、'version'サブコマンドと同じです。

=back

=head1 更なる情報

L<Enbld>

L<Enbld::Tutorial>

=head1 ウェブサイト

L<https://github.com/magnolia-k/Enbld>

L<http://code-stylistics.net/enbld>

=head1 課題のレポート

L<https://github.com/magnolia-k/Enbld/issues>

=head1 コピーライト

copyright 2013- Magnolia C<< <magnolia.k@me.com> >>.

=head1 LICENSE

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=cut

